today I've got an unboxing video for you
for mortal kombat tournament edition on
the PlayStation 3 console I'm not the
biggest fighting fan you may or may not
know that however Mortal Kombat is
always been a game that I've loved and
when I saw this special edition were
also known as the tournament edition was
coming out and I saw what the contents
of the package were I definitely had to
pick this up for those who don't know
there are two different limited editions
I guess you would say there's a
tournament edition and then there's the
standard collector's edition and the
tournament Edition itself comes with a
fighting stick and the fighting stick
that it comes with is probably one of
the nicest looking fighting sticks that
I've seen and being as fact that i am a
mortal kombat fan that i've always liked
that series of fighting I just had to
pick this one up so let's go ahead open
up the box show you guys what is inside
how it looks and give you some first
impressions of how this stick feels as
you may notice the outside of this
package is covered in like a slip slip
case and there's a little bit of damage
to it not a big deal it would be nice to
have obviously a pristine copy of this
but you know how shipping goes and those
types of things so unfortunately the box
the outer slipcover is not in great
condition now for those of you who may
really want this and you know you're
contemplating paying the premium price
is that this edition is now fetching
online because it's sold out almost
every retail you might find it in some
places available don't go you know
paying some astronomical amount because
from what I've heard they are going to
re-release the fighting stick separately
so just a little bit of information for
you if you're thinking or you're
contemplating on buying this on ebay or
amazon for some ridiculous amount of
money with that being said if you can't
wait that's probably gonna be your only
option at this point unless you do some
searching you'll find some at a retailer
somewhere I personally went with the
playstation 3 version over the 360
version because of the fact that you
could play as kratos i'm a huge god of
war fan i also play a lot of games on my
playstation 3 because let's face it the
online is free and you know after i
spend the money that I do on games I
really don't have a lot of money to pay
for it online subscription I know it's a
minimal fee but anything that I get for
free I'm there just give you guys a
basic look at the air while packaging
the way this looks this is basically a
paper sleeve as you can see it's got the
mortal kombat logo on the top on the
front you've got a scorpion sub-zero
just a little bit more design on the
bottom and on the back you've got the
information on what this contains now
the inside box is actually very plain
nothing to it so you know if if you want
to display this obviously you're going
to display this box with the slip cover
on it so this is what you see when you
open this up right off the bat you've
got the downloadable tokens for all of
the add-on things that you get with this
tournament edition as you can see get a
couple avatars couple themes nothing x
you know incredibly special and then
this other one here which is I'm not
sure I think it's a costume for for one
of the characters I haven't done a lot
of research and then the game obviously
and the game itself nothing particularly
special you've got combat pass which is
I'm assuming that that is to play the
game online
I you got a mortal kombat catalogue
spelled with a k and needless to say
which includes a whole bunch of
different things and the instruction
manual which is more of like a try
folded brochure that's not much of an
instruction manual then again the way
companies are going nowadays you're not
even going to get instruction males with
a lot of games and then you have the
game disc but the thing that most you
want to see obviously is the fighting
sticks let's go ahead and take that out
so here you go this is what you're
spending all the money on the control
stick for this game in this edition of
the game ah right off the bat just let
you guys know this is really heavy
really solid build on this and probably
the nicest I actually it is the nicest
fighting stick that I've ever held in my
hands as you can tell you know you've
got the stick their concave buttons and
the traditional Mortal Kombat layout and
then you have the r1 l2 and then the
playstation home button on the top there
the cool thing about this as you can see
and probably you can't make out on this
camera is the fact that you've got some
like design embedded here in this latch
device because this here opens up and
I'll show you that this opens up you've
got stores on the inside but it also
opens up so that you can go ahead and
modify this you know put your own parts
in here if you'd like to do so it's got
several screws holding that in and the
design on this the build quality on this
is really nice the other cool feature
about this is so that you can sit on
your lap it's got this memory foam here
which actually I'm surprised it feels
like pretty good memory foam I'm sure
that you guys know that you can get some
knockoff crap out there i bought a
memory foam pillow one time and it was
really cheaply made this actually feels
like it's pretty good quality
when you're sitting this on your lap
you're not going to you know be getting
worn out or feeling the strain from the
heaviness of the cyst or the heaviness
of the controller and on the back you
have the accord the connector for the
USB cord if you guys can see that
anyways looks like a really nice stick
and if you guys like i said if you're
looking to get this you probably have a
hard time finding at retail but wait a
couple months it sounds like this summer
they're going to be putting out this
dick as a standalone unit so you can
purchase it for those you've got it
hopefully you're enjoying it and maybe
in the future I'll revisit this I tell
you guys with my opinions are on it but
for now that's it thanks for watching
guys